I understand if the salary, three flat rooms and SUV are enough for you and as a result, cause a lack of purpose for the land where you were born
I too have a passion for Nigeria and include other citizens like Omoyele Sowore, who have experienced despair and abandonment
Seeking a revolt without a gun or going to overthrow a government is not and will not be illegal
It is not a crime to stand up for one's conscience by seeking change
It is this that has led to democracy as a system of government which is defined as "government of the people, by the people and given to the people".
If protesting and calling #Regurrence is now illegal, the courts should convict Omoyele Sowore of holding him for more than 120 days
So, knowing that your silence or your involvement in civil society in the face of opposition, crime and social ills does not make you a good person
You have no vision and you are only self-aware
You see, I am writing this post because someone told me to shut up on Sowore talk and focus on my business on whatsapp, and I laughed
He is going to read this article, so I will not mention his name where the viewer does not agree with my beliefs.
For you, the reader, know that the purpose of this statement when you are told "your mind is on your business" is not just to sell your product
It is also about showing interest in your country and speaking out against the violations and violations of social norms, minorities, and minorities.
If your country is a banana republic where people are being tried in the middle of the day, what will happen to your business and your intention to trade with international producers?
Every business knows what they are doing, complaining every year at the end of every year including a focus on technology, politics, social and economic environment.
This skill of environmental research, which is important to write such a complaint is the responsibility of the Public Relations Practioner, who has the intelligence, skills and character to conduct research and development in the community and make complaints to the management and team leaders or master it serves for good planning
Yes, this helps to organize and coordinate with business executives about the potential benefits of the business environment as well as the potential risks for a successful business.
It is not as expensive to work as you are in the blood from the development of the environment in which you live and live
For example, with the deteriorating health care system in our country today, if a person is involved in a minor accident or becomes ill with a medical condition that is minor or neglected where there is good health care, such a thing can lead to the death of the person
As criminal law has become a tradition in 1984, let me be clear that a good foreign businessman would be afraid to do business in Nigeria knowing that he is a good citizen who is respected and a good leader like Omoyele Sowore. is a person who will go to court, anything that will happen to him including his business
If you put this in many cases of fraud, bribery, bankruptcy and the lack of public resources, how do you think the wealthy Monaco, who saw a real business opportunity in Nigeria would still be looking for
so, when you think you are silent is a long speech, I do not agree
how exactly it is a matter of length or silence in the face of injustice
One of the most dangerous things for any business that violates the law and the rule of law, fairness and the right to a hearing
Businesses thrive by complying with the law and having a fair and public justice system without fear or favor
to dispel any doubts, here are a few of the other things any man or woman who wants to trade land is not where he was born:
1. Political, personal and economic blessings
2. Skill work
3. tax money
4. Travel and efficiency
5. Their wealth and glory
without respect given the second and fourth marks, let me be clear that no trader will leave his land for profit if the other elements of this text are in the first place. this article does not exist
The first article in the series addresses the opposition to Omoyele Sowore and his supporters and sends a message of legal disregard and impartiality.
So, I think the government should look at this issue and think about us as customers, who are trying to have a relationship with other big companies and a better way to get wealth and provide services to more than just children. 30 million Nigerian youths touring the country did nothing
Ayo Moses Ogedengbe is a marker in public relations
Orji Kalu's fortune has been sealed by the EFCC for more than $ 7 billion
by the spokesperson of the company, Wilson Uwujaren, marking the property by order of Judge Mohammed Idris on the 5th of December 2019 at the Ikoyi High Court, and Lagos
Fighters, Economic Economic Crimes Commission, seize property belonging to former Abia state Orji Uzor Kalu
by the spokesperson of the company, Wilson Uwujaren, marking the property by order of Judge Mohammed Idris on the 5th of December 2019 at the Ikoyi High Court, and Lagos
Letters from Sun and Slok Nigeria Ltd are among the Kalu property marked by the EFCC
Former governor of Abia state jailed for 12 years, passing away for more than 7.5 billion shillings
As Orji Uzor Kalu goes to prison, FFK and Patience Jonathan will be joined by Churchill Okonkwo
Finally, while Senator Kalu was imprisoned, arguments against Femi Fani-Kayode, Patience Jonathan and Tinubu were to be taken into consideration.
If convicted, they paid the fine and were sentenced to several years in prison.
This is the first way to eradicate crime in Nigeria
The crucial factor in the fight against crime in Nigeria is the lack of impunity for anyone who commits various crimes.
What better way to do it than to send a criminal criminal to Nigeria and the Fourth Republic, Orji Uzor Kalu in prison.
With this punishment, and the conviction that the court will carry it out, you will know why many of us who compare Muhammadu Buhari, feel sad for our struggle against crime is ridiculous.
Although we are happy, we are confident, that the fight against crime in Nigeria is now worthwhile.
However, we are optimistic that a fair trial will be held for the likes of Bola Tinubu, Patience Jonathan, Olisa Metu, Femi Fani-Kayode and others.
Before Orji Uzor Kalu joined the All Progressives Congress from the Peoples Democratic Party, he made Abia state empty.
He made Abia state the worst governor in the Fourth Republic with Theodore Orji
Happily, Orji Uzor Kalu said in a Facebook post that he had joined the APC because of Buhari's promise that South-East contractors would not go ahead with the project. before November.
I joined the APC because Buhari has fulfilled his promise to me and I hope he will do better.
As an award to join the APC, President Buhari handed over a number of road projects to SLOK Holding contractors.
Also, the Niger Delta Development Commission provided funding to SLOK Holding to build a road from Mzuhali to Mzuakoli and from Uzuakoli to Ozuitem.
In the unfortunate case of Senator Orji Uzor Kalụ, his court case with the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission could not be as expected.
With his conviction, the prospect of becoming president under the APC in 2023 has come to an abrupt end.
With this conviction, Nigerians expect more pending criminal offenses against those who have served the public.
Now Kalu is in jail, people like Tinubu, Patience Jonathan, Olisa Metu, Femi Fani-Kayode will complain about how they have served the public.
Sending the Senate to prison will help to get the Buhari staff to stay away from crime.
With Kalu's conviction, Nigerians are optimistic and want to get back the $ 1.1 billion money that was deposited in the London Central Bank for Malabu oil by Goodluck Jonathan.
A court of law has ordered the recovery of $ 9.2 million and $ 8.4 million from Patience Jonathan, Goodluck Jonathan's ex-wife.
The question for the EFCC is why did they not tell the judge to put him in jail for his own financial gain?
Dr. Jonathan has jokingly said that the funds were donated by Nigerians in good faith, which he received as the wife of the deputy governor, the governor and the governor. What a joke.
It is ironic that the EFCC is not using the wording of the complaint against the two large cars full of Tinubu parked at his house the day after the 2019 presidential election.
Are the EFCC afraid to investigate Tinubu's spending and exports?
MA, the case against Fani-Kayode for embezzling N4.6 billion, which the Director of Publicity presented to Goodluck Jonathan's 2015 party has long been the subject of much controversy.
Why do these words still linger on one side?
Our courts regularly sent small thieves to prison every day.
Therefore, it is not a matter of a court order, but a matter for the Criminal Judges, the Chief Justice, and others who have taken bribes and remained silent.
And with the conviction of Senator Kalu, the criminal case of the ruling governors (now legislators) has been going on for a long time, should come to an end and those who violated the law, should be convicted and imprisoned.
Most importantly, the EFCC members will be reorganized and refined due to their vital work
Finally, while Senator Kalu was imprisoned, arguments against Femi Fani-Kayode, Patience Jonathan and Tinubu were to be taken into consideration.
If convicted, they paid the fine and were sentenced to several years in prison.
This is the first way to eradicate crime in Nigeria
On Twitter @Churchillnnobi
Oshiomhole Goofed: Standard Chartered Bank says it is not a South African company
However, Standard Chartered told Sahara media: 'Standard Chartered Bank of Nigeria Limited is owned by Standard Chartered Plc, a British company.
Standard Chartered has rejected remarks made by Adams Oshomole, President of the ruling All Progressives Congress, South Africa.
Oshiomhole, who spoke on the South African massacre of Nigerians and foreigners living in their country, urged the Nigerian government to take over all South African companies in the country including Standard Chartered.
Oshiomhole has said, 'We also know that Standard Chartered House and Stanbic House are South African buildings, and Nigerians can benefit from them if they take their own.
It is time to speed up the process so that Nigerian companies can reap the benefits of their departure and increase their productivity.
They will save a lot of money if we bring these businesses to Nigerians. '
However, Standard Chartered told Sahara media: 'Standard Chartered Bank of Nigeria Limited is owned by Standard Chartered Plc, a British company.
Standard Chartered PLC is a leading partner in international lending, as listed by London, Hong Kong and Mumbai exchange.
He has worked for more than 150 years in many international markets and has earned more than 90% of his profits in Asia, Africa and the Middle East.
The focus on location and the desire to have a good relationship with their customers has made this company grow in the present
The Osun government has closed schools due to clashes between teachers and students
The message explained that fights broke out between many teachers and students, with the use of hands, knives and sticks causing panic in the area.
Osun state government has ordered the closure of Baptist High School, Gbodofon, Oshogbo, as several students attacked teachers and damaged school property, according to Flash, a local letter.
The Commissioner of Education, Mr. Oladoyin Folorunsho, issued this order while conducting an investigation into all the damages caused by the students.
The message explained that fights broke out between many teachers and students, with the use of hands, knives and sticks causing panic in the area.
A student who asked not to be named told reporters that the fight started last Wednesday when students did not know who they were when they entered the school.
He said, "We saw a lot of students on Wednesdays at school where they were so good, that everyone ran for their lives
However, it was difficult for a month to pass and we did not see anything like this and every time something like this happened, many of our angry students locked up their teachers in their offices.
This past Friday, they came to our school again and many more tolerant teachers joined them which caused a great deal of confusion among teachers and students.
Oladoyin, who expressed outrage at the students' misconduct and ordered a thorough investigation, said those who did so should be punished.
He said the amount of damage would indicate how much each student involved would have to pay to be a tutor to them.
Our response to the taking of Sowore's speech by the Attorney-General of our State from Femi Falana
For the sake of progress, we urge the AGF to immediately write a letter to stop the bad practices, which have caused embarrassment to our country.